Chick - Complete Mission 06.

Chicken - Worn the chicken hat at least once in three missions.

Foxhound - Complete three missions with "Perfect Stealth, No Kills" score bonus.

Fox - You were not detected in the last three missions.

Eagle - At least 90% of the enemies you neutralized with headshots.

Puma - The method you used to neutralized most enemies was to hold them up.

Bear - The method you used to neutralized most enemies was C.Q.C.

Octopus - You used nonlethal weapons to neutralized most enemies.

Mantis - The method you used to neutralized most enemies was the knife.

Bee - The method you used to neutralized most enemies was with a lethal handgun.

Scorpion - The method you used to neutralized most enemies was a lethal submachine gun.

Raven - The method you used to neutralized most enemies was a machine gun.

Wolf - The method you used to neutralized most enemies was a sniper rifle.

Shark - The method you used to neutralized most enemies was a rocket launcher.

Orca - The method you used to neutralized most enemies was to lethal throwing weapons (nade launchers count).

Doberman - The method you used to neutralized most enemies was lethal assault rifles.

Spider - The method you used to neutralized most enemies was to lethal placed weapons.

Hog - Buddy up with D-Horse and ram the enemy at fullspeed.

Butterfly - Buddy with Quiet and order her to dispatch enemy units.

Ostrich - Buddy with D-Walker and neutralized enemies while controlling it.

Hound - Buddy with D-Dog and order him to take out an enemy with his knife.

Tortoise - The method you used to neutralized most enemies was to ramming them with a
truck.

Hawk - The method you used to neutralized most enemies was to calling for air support.

Whale - The method you used to neutralized most enemies was to bombardment via air support.

Bat - You used various methods to dispatch an enemy in exact numbers (ex. ten kills for handgun and ten incapacitations with C.Q.C)

Piranha - The method you used to neutralized most enemies was lethal shotguns.
